Allow `prefer_key_paths` to ignore identity closures (`{ $0 }`) (#6068)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

* Add new `ignore_identity_closures` parameter to `prefer_key_paths` rule to skip conversion of identity closures 
  (`{ $0 }`) to identity key paths (`\self`).

>   Add a small note to the rule description stating that identity key path conversion is Swift 6+ only.  

Reviewer: Let's have the note here as well instead of a reference to the note:

```suggestion
  Note that identity key paths are only support from Swift 6 on, hence this option
  will be implicitly ignored/set to `true` when SwiftLint detects a Swift <6 compiler 
  to avoid causing compilation errors.  
```

>   [p4checo](https://github.com/p4checo)

Reviewer: Please reference the issue here as well.
